Add documentation for the new Text Classifier node (#2224)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/cluster-nodes/root-nodes/n8n-nodes-langchain.text-classifier.md

---
#https://www.notion.so/n8n/Frontmatter-432c2b8dff1f43d4b1c8d20075510fe4
title: Text Classifier
description: Documentation for the Text Classifier node in n8n, a workflow automation platform. Includes details of operations and configuration, and links to examples and credentials information.

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contentType: integration
---
```

Reviewer: Template was missing this metadata. It's there now but just wanted to be sure we didn't miss it here. :)

categories provided in the parameters (see below), each item is passed to the
model to determine its category.

On this page, you'll find the node parameters for the Text Classifier node,
and links to more resources.

## Node parameters

**Input Prompt** defines the input to classify. This is usually an expression
that references a field from the input items. For example, this could be 
`{{ $json.chatInput }}` if the input is a chat trigger. By default it
references the `text` field.

**Categories**: Add the categories that you want to classify your input as.
Categories have a name and a description. Use the description to tell the
model what the category means. This is important if the meaning isn't obvious.
You can add as many categories as you like.

## Node options

* **Allow Multiple Classes To Be True**: You can configure the classifier to
  always output a single class per item, or allow the model to select multiple
  classes.

* **Add Fallback Option**: If this option is set, the model can select a
  fallback-option, or "Other" category, for when none of the categories are
  detected. Otherwise, if none of the categories are detected, the item is
  dropped.

> * **System Prompt Template**, allows you to change the system prompt that's
>   used for the classification. It uses a placeholder for the categories,
>   `{categories}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **System Prompt Template**: This option allows you to change the system prompt that's used for the classification. It uses the `{categories}` placeholder for the categories.
```
